---
layout: post
title: "Why sleep?"
date: 2012-10-05 10:57:19 +0200
tags: en
lang: en
categories: body volume_I
---
What do you think about when falling asleep at night? Do you understand the meaning of the day you just had? What is the purpose of sleep? Why is sleep important for some and less for others? What is a dream? What is a nightmare? What happens when the Body sinks into sleep?

You struggle to understand what happens at night, certainly you can analyze the physiological parameters of the Body, however you have not understood much about the functioning of key organs such as the pancreas and the spleen. The brain and the rest of the Body function at night because the Body needs to cleanse itself from the day. The dirtier you are, the more important and long this cleansing must be, thus determining the duration of your sleep. And if by chance you do not let the cleaning process go to completion then your day will be long and painful. If you never let it be completed then illness will come to remind you.

The physical and subtle matters are not yet closely linked enough to function together for a long time. They must dissociate so that each can regenerate. Sleep is the moment of this separation, of this cleansing. However, the two remain linked by a bond that only the death of the Body can break.

Respecting sleep, respecting oneself throughout the day are the foundations of a peaceful existence. Your Body is a part of Nature that has been entrusted to you. If you mistreat it, if you do not cultivate it with Love then Nature will remind you in every possible way until you understand. Respect yourself, respect Nature starting with your Body.

Do not believe that you can sleep better with sleeping pills, they are useless and provide a dangerous illusion. The absence of sleep is a serious sign, it must be taken as a severe warning from the Body. Getting through with a sleeping pill may temporarily help but you must understand the message and get to work.

The more one leads a pure and healthy existence, the more one takes care of their Body, the more one works on themselves and their thoughts, emotions, feelings, then the less the Body needs sleep, the better it is. It is then possible to enjoy life and its pleasures even more. It is a virtuous circle.

Philippe

<!--
This work is licensed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License.
-->