---
layout: post
title: "Why Love?"
date: 2012-10-01 10:57:19 +0200
tags: en
categories: actoflove volume_I
---
Why Love? Why do men and women have this need to Love? Why are they so happy when they Love or are Loved and unhappy otherwise? Here is a very strange universal concept: Love! Where does it come from? Did the first humans invent Love and has it been passed down since then? Ah, you say it's a principle of Nature? That's exactly what I say, a Universal principle! What a strange thing.

Imagine if all the men and women of this World felt that they are Loved and will always be Loved at every moment. Yes, like a parent's Love for their children. Imagine the Peace that would take hold of the World. Love is there for everyone, Our Father is Love and every woman and man is there to discover all the facets of this Love. The Act of Love is the instrument that allows us to discover and learn Love.

Returning to Our Father is not following those crazy religions, because they are a scourge and a horrible invention of humanity. Returning to Our Father is returning to Love. Returning to Our Father is not taking a gun but taking the most powerful weapon in the Universe: Love.

No one can claim to speak in the Name of Our Father who only speaks of Love in all its forms. Religions have only reigned hatred, fear, difference, blood, and have distanced humanity from Our Father. Their time has come. They must disappear and will disappear.

There should only be one Philosophy to guide men, and that Philosophy is that of Love. Humanity needs nothing else. It is a Philosophy of the ground, of Life, which is taught and applied in everyday life. The Act of Love, that is what humanity must practice to learn and teach the Philosophy of Love.

Philippe

<!-- 
This work is licensed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License.
-->