---
layout: post
title: "Who am I?"
date: 2012-08-29 10:57:19 +0200
tags: en
lang: en
categories: truth volume_I
---
Who am I? You are reading these writings and you wonder who is this Philippe? Where does this guy come from? Another mystic on drugs, or an apostle of some sect or even an evangelist who smokes the Bible?

I am none of that. I have a degree in computer and electronics engineering after a course in mathematics and physical sciences. I have even been a business owner and founder of start-ups. I have lived in several countries including the United States. I grew up in a classical and caring Catholic education. You see, I have nothing of the profile of the typical mystical person. I have a "real" life with children, a job, and everything else. Strange, isn't it? You can run into me on the street in a suit & tie, in jeans & a t-shirt, or in running clothes. I am a man among men, and that's just fine.

Who I am is not important and should not be. What is important is what I write. One should not focus on the messenger because then the message is forgotten. Look at Jesus of Nazareth, you don't even know what his teachings are and from whom he received them. You have forgotten everything by focusing too much on the messenger. Churches and religions are very skilled at using this pattern to pass on their perversions and lies.

So don't worry about me. Use what I write to reflect, understand, work, and get on your way because time is running out...

Philippe

<!-- 
This work is licensed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License.
-->